Removed preview information in key pages. (#370)
EventStore/documentation: partials/_install-run.md

In each case you can run Event Store with the `eventstore` command, and stop it with `Ctrl+c`. To use the default database location you need to use `sudo`, or you can change the location with the `--db` parameter.

> To build Event Store from source, refer to the [Event Store README](https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore#mac-os-x).

Reviewer: @StarfallProjects This link refers specifically to the macOS build instructions, might be best to link to the general heading?

```suggestion
To build Event Store from source, refer to the [Event Store README](https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore#building-event-store).
```

Reviewer 2: That's for the Mac section of the installation guide. There are links to the Windows build from the Windows section, and Linux from the Linux section.

Reviewer: Huh, didn't see in the changes. Ok
